RangeSlider: update demo description (#1917)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/RangeSlider/Overview/description.md

> The RangeSlider component allows users to choose a range of numeric values. This demo shows how you can create a RangeSlider and configure its features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RangeSlider component allows users to choose a range of numeric values. This demo shows how you can create and configure a RangeSlider.
```

## Create a RangeSlider

> To create a RangeSlider, specify four properties:

Reviewer: Same as above.

- [start](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#start) and [end](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#end)    
Specify the selected interval.

- [min](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#min) and [max](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#max)    
Limit the range of accepted values.

You can see the resulting RangeSlider in the **Default mode** section of this demo.

## Customize RangeSlider Appearance

> The RangeSlider can display labels for the [min](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#min) and [max](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#max) values. To configure the labels, use the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/label/) object. In this object, set the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/label/#visible) property to **true** to display the labels. You can also specify the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/label/#position) and the [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/label/#format) properties.

Reviewer: `position` and `format` are both properties.

```suggestion
The RangeSlider can display labels for the [min](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#min) and [max](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#max) values. To configure the labels, use the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/label/) object. In this object, set the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/label/#visible) property to **true** to display the labels. You can also specify the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/label/#position) and [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/label/#format) properties.
```

> The RangeSlider can also display a tooltip for the slider handles. Specify the [tooltip](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/) object: set the [enabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/#enabled) property to **true** to display the tooltips, specify the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/#position) and the [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/#format), as well as the [showMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/#showMode).

Reviewer: Same as above. The second sentence is too long and it contains a list. Create an actual list instead.

> To specify whether or not the selected range should be highlighted, use the [showRange](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#showRange) property. You can also use the [step](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#step) property to specify the step of RangeSlider values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To specify if the selected range should be highlighted, use the [showRange](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#showRange) property. You can also use the [step](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#step) property to specify the value change step for the RangeSlider.
```

If you want to disable the RangeSlider, set the [disabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#disabled) property to **true**.

## Handle the Value Change Event

> Specify the [onValueChanged](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#onValueChanged) function to handle the **value** change. In this demo, the [NumberBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/) components and the RangeSlider use this property to pass values between each other. You can use one of these components to change the range.

Reviewer: pass values between each other == exchange values. Be simpler.

```suggestion
Specify the [onValueChanged](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#onValueChanged) function to handle the **value** change. In this demo, the [NumberBox](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxNumberBox/) components and the RangeSlider use this property to exchange values. You can use one of these components to change the range.
```

The RangeSlider component allows users to choose a range of numeric values. This demo shows how you can create and configure a RangeSlider.

## Create a RangeSlider

> To create a RangeSlider, declare it in markup and specify the four properties:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a RangeSlider, declare it in markup and specify the following four properties:
```

> To create a RangeSlider, declare the component in markup and specify four properties:

Reviewer: The (following) four properties.

```suggestion
To create a RangeSlider, declare it in markup and specify the four properties:
```

Specify the selected interval.

- [min](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#min) and [max](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#max)    
Limit the range of accepted values.

You can see the resulting RangeSlider in the **Default mode** section of this demo.

## Customize RangeSlider Appearance

The RangeSlider can display labels for the [min](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#min) and [max](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/#max) values. To configure the labels, use the [label](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/label/) object. In this object, set the [visible](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/label/#visible) property to **true** to display the labels. You can also specify the [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/label/#position) and [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/label/#format) properties.

> The RangeSlider can also display a tooltip for slider handles. Specify the [tooltip](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/) object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RangeSlider can also display a tooltip for slider handles. To display tooltips, you need to configure the [tooltip](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/) object:
```

> - Set the [enabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/#enabled) property to **true** to display the tooltips. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set the [enabled](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/#enabled) property to **true** to display tooltips. 
```

- Specify the tooltip [position](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/#position).

- Specify the [format](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/#format) property.

> - Specify the [showMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/#showMode) to change the how the component shows tooltips: *'onHover'* or *'always'*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Assign *'onHover'* or *'always'* to the [showMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/#showMode) property to change the how the component shows tooltips.
```

> - Assign *'onHover'* or *'always'* to the [showMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/#showMode) property to change the how the component shows tooltips.

Author: ```suggestion
- Assign *'onHover'* or *'always'* to the [showMode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxRangeSlider/Configuration/tooltip/#showMode) property to change how the component shows tooltips.
```
